Hemi Rawal's question on ICICI LBD is whether it can be
taken for the long term, is it a
prime stock, it is also in our coverage,
if we look at the ICICI LB valuation, it is
not as expensive as it used to be earlier.  The good thing about sector penetration and
with LB is that you have a
mix in general insurance.
If anyone remembers our discussion some time back,
in insurance we are talking more about general than life.
Where valuation
normalization has become more prevalent.  Valuations are still a bit expensive in life.
So now if we come to general insurance then it becomes the
leading company in general insurance.  Now whether it should be
put in mid cap or large cap or
where it should be put, God knows, it is a
company with a market cap of Rs 1 lakh crore.  So
this valuation is given the
potential sector penetration and the
product profile of this company which caters to all the segments like motor
insurance, fire insurance, health
insurance.
So you get the whole basket.
This entire portfolio
stock is formed here.  There shouldn't be many issues at this valuation.
I also liked the results of the last quarter.  The rest will continue to
grow as per your performance in future.  So for
how much time have they asked?   If
the portfolio is stock then it is.  Then there
is no debate in that.
Asked for a long period.  He must have thought about the long term
from the perspective of portfolio stocks only.
See, the same Kotak Bank theory will remain in all these stocks.
When you go to make time, he will put it on you.
You keep falling in love with it.
Keep choosing little by little.  Keep taking it to your nest.  He will
make you money.  He will find the
sum and recover everything.
Earlier, there used to be a
lost and found show on Doordarshan.  He will bring back to you
whatever you have lost.  You should have
patience
and maintain it in your portfolio.
I don't see much issue with this valuation,
Raj.  The only thing is that once any of
this Marmura's 2100 comes out.  Then
everything will start becoming visible.  Okay, let's
cross 2100.  Will some crooked
bowl be formed after that?
What can I say, the bowl will be made, I don't know about the bowl, the
people who lived in the village used to
bring oil
in a pitcher to sell, they had a
long
stick attached to it to extract the oil, yes they had that mould of the bowl
and it would become that kind of
shape when it was put in any vessel,
you are talking about this pattern.  That would be a
big move then.
You see how long it has been lying there.  Of course, the
market has fallen from there.
But you start assessing it.
From September 2021.  I have explained this to you a lot.
When the 2021 cycle high was broken.
How many years of consolidation was there?  It must have been almost 18
months.   There
is 15 months of consolidation here.  So the
valuation has normalized.  Opportunities have been
created.  So it will be something like that